docs(ci): improve docs around ci, sharing and docker (#15288)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-reporters-js.md

npx playwright show-report my-report
```

> > The `html` reporter currently does not support merging reports generated across multple [`--shards`](./test-parallel.md#shard-tests-between-multiple-machines). In the meantime, the [`playwright-merge-html-reports`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/playwright-merge-html-reports) npm package can be used to merge any number of reports into one.

Author: Sounds good, updated wording to remove external link.

```suggestion
> The `html` reporter currently does not support merging reports generated across multiple [`--shards`](./test-parallel.md#shard-tests-between-multiple-machines) into a single report. See [this](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/issues/10437) issue for available third party solutions.
```
